index.md, before:

---
layout: cv
title: Zejun Chen (Xavier)'s CV
---
# Zejun Chen (Xavier)

<div id="webaddress">
Email: <a href="mailto:zc344@cam.ac.uk">zc344@cam.ac.uk</a>
</div>


### Interests

Compilers and optimizing compilers, hardware architecture and heterogeneous architecture computing. For part II dissertation I'm
considering to pursue topics related to using additional information provided by ISA extensions (currently considering capabilities 
provided by CHERI) to support automatic/implicit parallelization in heterogeneous devices (i.e. GPU or special purpose accelerators). 

## Education

`2021-2024`
__Computer Science Tripos, Gonville & Caius College, Cambridge__

- Current 2nd year student.

## Awards

`2012`
President, *Royal Society*, London, UK

Associate, *French Academy of Science*, Paris, France



## Publications

<!-- A list is also available [online](http://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=LTOTl0YAAAAJ) -->

### Journals

`1669`
Newton Sir I, De analysi per æquationes numero terminorum infinitas. 

`1669`
Lectiones opticæ.

etc. etc. etc.

### Patents

`2012`
Infinitesimal calculus for solutions to physics problems, [SMBC](http://www.techdirt.com/articles/20121011/09312820678/if-patents-had-been-around-time-newton.shtml) patent 001


## Occupation

`1600`
__Royal Mint__, London

- Warden
- Minted coins

`1600`
__Lucasian professor of Mathematics__, Cambridge University



<!-- ### Footer

Last updated: May 2013 -->

Commit message:

Updated content to include internship.

index.md, after:

---
layout: cv
title: Zejun Chen (Xavier)'s CV
---
# Zejun Chen (Xavier)

<div id="webaddress">
Email: <a href="mailto:zc344@cam.ac.uk">zc344@cam.ac.uk</a>
</div>


## Interests

Compilers and optimizing compilers, hardware architecture and heterogeneous architecture computing. 

For part II dissertation I'm
considering to pursue topics related to using additional information provided by ISA extensions (currently considering capabilities 
provided by CHERI) to support automatic/implicit parallelization in heterogeneous devices (i.e. GPU or special purpose accelerators). 

## Education

`2021-2024`
__Computer Science Tripos, Gonville & Caius College, Cambridge__

- Current 2nd year student.

## Experiences & Achievements

#### Internship
`June-Sept 2021`
__Intern at Honeywell Aerospace, Shanghai__

Interned at the mechanical design and engineering department.
Automated the department’s administrative processes with Python. Created 30-40 hours
of productivity savings per quarter.
Conducted thermal characterization experiments for various critical materials used in
aircraft in development.
Developed standardised reparation procedures for aviation brake assemblies for client
aircraft reparation company, currently servicing over 100 cargo jets per year.




## Publications

<!-- A list is also available [online](http://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=LTOTl0YAAAAJ) -->

### Journals

`1669`
Newton Sir I, De analysi per æquationes numero terminorum infinitas. 

`1669`
Lectiones opticæ.

etc. etc. etc.

### Patents

`2012`
Infinitesimal calculus for solutions to physics problems, [SMBC](http://www.techdirt.com/articles/20121011/09312820678/if-patents-had-been-around-time-newton.shtml) patent 001


## Occupation

`1600`
__Royal Mint__, London

- Warden
- Minted coins

`1600`
__Lucasian professor of Mathematics__, Cambridge University



<!-- ### Footer

Last updated: May 2013 -->
